Hello and welcome to the homework.
First of all congratulations for those of you who took the challenge of solving the homework.
I could never emphasize enough that the best way to learn something is to practice.
So I hope you can practice this as much as you can.
And the Statoil I'm going to provide the solution.
So the homework was to make a request to check if the block chain is valid.
So I already prepared a new code section here checking if the block is valid.
And we're going to simply make another request.
The good news.
And that was the first thing to notice is that basically of course we already made a function that returns
true or false whether respectively the chain is valid yes or no.
So of course we're going to use that function in the request and we will return different responses
depending on the result of this function.
So let's do this let's start by specifying the decorator.
So again I'm going to copy this decorator because of course it is still going to be a GET request because
we're not posting or creating any new data structure like a transaction.
So it's still a GET request.
And here we need to specify a new name for this GET request and we're going to call it simply is valid
and this request will check if the block chain is valid.
All right so now let's define the function that will execute this request.
So we're going to call this function is valid very simply with some parenthesis taking nothing as argument
because we will simply get our block chain object and from this object an object will get the valid
function which will return true or false whether our chain is valid.
So let's do this.
The first thing that we need to do is as we said just take our block chain object and from this collection
object we take the is chaine valid method that we created in part 1 of this implementation.
And so if we go back to this function isn't valid.
Well we can see that it takes an argument just a chain of our block chain which was introduced in the
in that method.
So let's do this let's take this chain and to take this chance since this chain belongs to our block
to an object.
Well we need to get our block chain objeck first.
And from this object we get the chain.
All right perfect.
So this will return true or false whether or not respectively the shame is valid.
So since this return something I'm going to introduce a new variable that I'm going to call is valid
and that will be this result.
True or false and depending on this result.
Now we're going to make an IF condition which will check if it's valid is true or false if it is true
will return a message saying that everything's alright.
And if it is false will return a message saying that we have a problem.
All right.
So let's do this let's make this if condition to make this condition the beautiful way we can just do
if is valid Cullen which means if it's valid equals equals true because it is a boolean.
So just if it's valid and if it is true.
Well we want the response to be containing the following message which will be all good.
The block chain is valid but all good the block chain is valid because is valid is equal to true.
Perfect.
But then if it's valid is not true.
That is if we are in the else which is the condition that is that is false.
Well in that case the response will be different.
The response will be.
Well we can put the following message saying Houston we have a problem.
Houston we have a problem.
The black chain is not valid.
And here we go.
We have our two responses based on the two possibilities that the black chain is yes or no.
Valid.
All right.
And now we just need to of course return the response in the Jayson format with that two hundred.
OK.
HTP status code.
There we go.
Now everything's all right.
The one thing just disappeared.
Everything should be OK.
That should be the final solution of the homework.
But we're going to test it now.
So as you can see I restarted my kernel which means that I stopped the execution of the code and then
I clicked on the two button here to restart the kernel using the options.
And I did that of course because we modify the code here.
So we're going to run it again.
And so let's do this now we have the code that runs the are here.
Everything's all right.
We are ready to select the whole code and let's execute it.
All right no error.
Perfect running on the flat.
Are L on port five thousand.
Now that's from the postman.
Here is postman and let's make our request so we're going to do the same as before as in the final to
toile of module one but this time we're also going to test this new request that we've just made.
That is a valid request.
OK so remember the address we have to enter here.
We can take it again in the flask.
Quickstart Guide that's this one.
That's the address of the server.
So let's go back to postman let's paste this u r l and let's try first with get changed but everything
should be OK.
We haven't modified anything in the other code sections.
So that's the genesis block.
Perfect.
Now it's mine.
A few blocks let's just mine five of them.
Mind luck.
There we go.
The first block mines the second one there one and fourth one so now we have five blocks because the
Genesis block was not mine perfect.
So now let's get our chain again to see what it looks like.
Jane And here is our chain with the five blocks perfect.
And now we're going to test our new requests that we've just made which we called is valid.
And if you're ready we are now going to check if our blood chain is OK.
So let's do this.
Let's press enter and there we go.
All good.
The black chain is valid.
So perfect congratulations for those of you who managed to get this you could actually have written
anything you want in the message but the idea was to make these two conditions in if and else using
a valid function to check if it is valid.
This is true and valid function is by the way not only going to be used for this homework it is also
going to be used in module 2 because in module 2 we'll have to make a consensus because since we will
decentralize our black chain Well we will need to check that the blood chain on each of the nose of
the network you know each of the servers of the network is the same chain so that you know we check
that all the nodes are up to date and you'll see no need to check this.
We will do a preliminary check that the chain is valid.
So that was not only for the homework and for you to practice this will also be very useful for us in
Mudgal too.
All right so now we're ready to move on to Mudgal 2.
I can't wait to see you there.
And until then and Joe Joe James.